This website is owned by Generator Generator⚡ (gengen.xx). By using this site, you indicate your agreement to be bound by these Conditions of Use. If you do not agree to any part of these Conditions of Use, do not use this website.

## Restrictions on use of materials

1. You may not reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way any material from this website in any way without our prior written permission. You may, however, download one copy of the material on a single computer for your own personal domestic and/or non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all accompanying copyright and other proprietary notices. Graphics and images on this website are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without the written permission of their relevant owner. Modification of any of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose will be a violation of our copyright and other intellectual property rights and the copyright and intellectual property rights of the respective owners.
2. If you download any software from the website, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the “Software”) are licensed to you by us. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but we retain full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise deal with the Software.

## Use of this website

You agree to use this website in accordance with these Conditions of Use and for lawful and proper purposes. You agree to be responsible for all matters arising from your use of this website. Further, you agree

- Not to use this website in any manner which breaches any applicable law or regulation or causes or which may cause an infringement of any third party rights;
- Not to post, transmit or disseminate any information on or via this website which may be harmful, obscene, defamatory or illegal or create liability on our part;
- Not to interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or functionality of this website; and
- Not to obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to any of our systems.
- This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.

If we (in our sole discretion) believe that you are in breach, or will be in breach, of any of these Conditions of Use, we reserve our right to deny you access to this website without reason and/or without further reference to you.


## No representation

We have compiled this website in good faith, but no representation is made or warranty given (either expressed or implied) as to the completeness or accuracy of the information it contains. You can always verify this information before you act upon it by contacting our office, our partners, or our partner travel agent (where applicable).


## Disclaimer

The materials in this website are provided "as-is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible and subject and pursuant to applicable law, we:

- Disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;
- Do not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this website or this server that makes it available is free of any virus or other harmful elements; and
- Do not warrant or make any representations regarding the correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise of the materials in this website or the results of their use.


## Limitation of liability

1. Subject to applicable law, under no circumstances, including negligence, will we be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages that result from the access to, use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this website, even if we or an authorised representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. We are also not liable or responsible for any material provided by third parties with their own respective copyright and shall not under any circumstances, be liable for any loss, damages or injury arising from these materials. Our total liability (if any) for all damages, losses, costs and expenses under whatever causes of action, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, will not exceed any amount paid by you for accessing this website.
2. Any of our publications may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes may be made to these publications from time to time and incorporated in new editions of these publications. At any time without notice, these publications are subject to improvements and changes in service by us.
3. The information contained in this website is for informational purposes only and is provided to you on an "as-is" basis. We do not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, reliability, authenticity of completeness of any of the information contained on this website. We are not liable for any information or services that may appear on any linked websites.


## Modifications to this website

We may change any part of this website at any time at our sole discretion without notice, and may deny access to this website to anyone at anytime.


## Suggestions, comments and feedback

If you respond to a document we publish with information including feedback data, such as questions, comments or suggestions, or the like regarding the content of any such document, or if you send any communications to this website, via e-mail or otherwise to us, we will deem such information as non-confidential and we will have no obligation to such information and may reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation save that any health related personal information or information which could be used to identify you will either be destroyed, de-identified or treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy as permitted by applicable law. Further, we may use the contents of any such communications, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed herein, for any purpose, including the developing, manufacturing and/or marketing of goods and/or services.


## Links to other sites

This website contains links to other websites which we do not maintain. Similarly, other websites may contain links to this website. We will not be responsible for the contents of those websites and shall not be liable for any loss, damages or injury arising from the access to and use of contents of those websites. Any links to other websites are provided as a convenience to you as a user of this website, and does not imply our endorsement of the linked websites or association with their operators. We disclaim all responsibility and liability for the use of linked websites, which you access and use at your own risk. Any third party that wishes to establish links to this website should notify us of their intention prior to doing so. We may deny permission for any such links to this website. If however, we give permission for any such links, we are not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links with the third party.


## Applicable law and jurisdiction

The law applicable to these Conditions of Use is the law of the Republic of Singapore, and the courts of the Republic of Singapore will have exclusive jurisdiction in case of any dispute.


## Conditions of Carriage

These Conditions of Use refer only to your use of this website. Other and separate conditions apply to carriage of passengers, baggage and cargo by air or any promotion which we may run from time to time when you travel on a flight operated by us, the Conditions of Carriage will apply to the carriage of passengers, baggage and cargo by air.


## Data Protection
Please click here to read our Privacy Policy, regarding information you supply when you use this website.
